Create pagos_sin_cvv.en.md (#233)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/subscriptions/pagos_sin_cvv.en.md

 With the payments without cvv, you can make recurring charges with Mercado Pago having the freedom to adapt the solution in the most optimal way for your business
 ## Create an aplication
 To create an application you have to enter with your Mercado Pago account at: [https://applications.mercadopago.com/](https://applications.mercadopago.com/) To be able to operate payments without CVP, the application must be enabled for that purpose. These permits are assigned from Mercado Pago, so you must send us the APP ID obtained to make the corresponding configuration.
 ## Charge the first payment
 For the first transaction you will always have to request the data of the card, and pay the payment with security code. It can be done following the steps of our integration by [API] (https://www.mercadopago.com.co/developers/es/guides/payments/api/receiving-payment-by-card/).
 ## Create a customer and associate the used card

>  Once the first payment has been made, and having been assured that the card is valid, create a Customer that will be associated with your account and associate a card with it. You can do this following the step by step indicating in our integration of [Users and Cards] (https://www.mercadopago.com.co/developers/es/guides/payments/api/customers-and-cards/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Once the first payment has been made, and having been assured that the card is valid, create a Customer that will be associated with your account and associate a card with it. You can do this following the step by step indicating in our integration of [Users and Cards] (/guides/payments/api/customers-and-cards.en.md)
```

 [[[
```php
<?php
require_once ('mercadopago.php');
$mp = new MP ("TEST-8770266498150001-062911-
821263869b3801c4f007924913b979ea__LB_LD__-
186597721");
$cards = $mp->get ("/v1/customers/[CUSTOMER_ID]/cards");
print_r ($cards["response"]);
?>
```
]]]
 ### Get a token with the card_id
 [[[
```php
<?php
require_once ('mercadopago.php');
$mp = new MP ("TEST-8770266498150001-062911-
821263869b3801c4f007924913b979ea__LB_LD__-
186597721");
$card_token = $mp->post ("/v1/card_tokens", array("card_id" => "cardId"));
print_r ($card_token);
?>
 ```
]]]
 ### Do the Payment:
 How are you using a token created with the card_id, you will have to post the payment indicating the customer id associated with the card:
 [[[
```php
<?php
require_once ('mercadopago.php');
$mp = new MP('TEST-8770266498150001-062911-
821263869b3801c4f007924913b979ea__LB_LD__-186597721');
$payment_data = array(
"transaction_amount'" => 100,
"token'" => "ff8080814c11e237014c1ff593b57b4d",
"description'" => "Title of what you are paying for",
"installments'" => 1,
"payer'" => array (
"id" => "12345678"
)
);
$payment = $mp->post("/v1/payments", $payment_data);
?>
```
]]]
## Listen for notifications of payments

>  Every time a payment is made and there is a novelty about the payment, Mercado Pago will send you a notification so you can update your systems. You can see the step by step in our section of [notifications] (https://www.mercadopago.com.co/developers/es/guides/notifications/webhooks/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Every time a payment is made and there is a novelty about the payment, Mercado Pago will send you a notification so you can update your systems. You can see the step by step in our section of [notifications] (/guides/notifications/webhooks.en.md)
```

 ## Retries
 If the payment without cvv is rejected, we recommend that you follow a retry logic according to the rejection status. For example, if the payment was rejected by expired card it does not make sense for a retry to be made. The client must be asked to inform another card to pay the following charges. In case the rejection is for insufficient funds, it makes sense that a logic of retries be made.

>  You can see all the rejections [here] (https://www.mercadopago.com.co/developers/es/guides/payments/api/handling-responses/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can see all the rejections [here] (/guides/payments/api/handling-responses.en.md)
```

 A good experience of your customers in the _checkout_ helps to improve the conversion.
 You have a couple of [credentials of _sandbox_] (https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/account/credentials?type=custom), which allow you to test all the integration in an exact replica of the Production Mode, being able to simulate transactions using the test cards:
 | Country     	 | Visa 				       | Mastercard        | American Express |
| ---- 		   | ---- 				       | ----------        | ---------------- |
| Argentina  | 4509 9535 6623 3704 |5031 7557 3453 0604|3711 803032 57522 |
| Brasil  	 | 4235 6477 2802 5682 |5031 4332 1540 6351|3753 651535 56885 |
| Chile   	 | 4168 8188 4444 7115 |5416 7526 0258 2580|3757 781744 61804 |
| Colombia   | 4013 5406 8274 6260 |5254 1336 7440 3564|3743 781877 55283 |
| México  	 | 4075 5957 1648 3764 |5474 9254 3267 0366| no disponible    |
| Perú    	 | 4009 1753 3280 6176 | no disponible     | no disponible    |
| Uruguay  	 | 4157 2362 1173 6486 |5808 8877 7464 1586| no disponible    |
| Venezuela  | 4966 3823 3110 9310 |5177 0761 6430 0010| no disponibl     |

>  Also [you can use test cards of local payment methods in each country] (/ guides / localization / local-cards.es.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Also [you can use test cards of local payment methods in each country] (/ guides/localization/local-cards.en.md).
```
